There is really just one last thing we have to do to implement our timer so back inside of our browser
I am going to change the timer down to just three seconds and it started out so I'll see that it's going
to countdown to zero but then continue into the negatives.
So to finish up the timer aspect of this application all we have to do is add in a check to stop the
timer automatically whenever it hits zero.
So I'm going to implement that inside might take method so inside of here I'm going to say if this dot
time remaining is less than or equal to zero then let's call this not pause to stop our tick method
from continuing to be invoked once every seconds then inside the else case.
So if this time remaining is greater than zero then we're going to run the original let's subtract one
seconds.
It's going to cut that and put it into the else case like so it's going to save this I can go back over.
We'll do a quick test.
Second to just change this two down to three seconds.
It's go three two one zero.
Stop okay.
So definite looks pretty good.
All right.
Well that's pretty much it for the timer aspect of this thing.
So now you need to start to pivot our focus a little bit and figure out how we're going to get that
animated order to display around us.
So remember we want to have some kind of like border that's going to either fill up over time or count
down over time.
We want that thing to update with every tick of a second thing I want you to remember is that we still
have to do a little bit of work on our Timer class because we want to make sure that during these very
critical stages like whenever we are starting up the timer whenever a second counts down or whenever
the timer ends we're going to make sure that we watch or it's me.
You met an event or a call a callback or something like that.
So stuff outside of our Timer class can kind of hook in to or watch for that to occur and then update
the actual border animation.
Now what do you want to focus on right now or just mentioned really quickly.
Is that our current implementation of the Timer class is like really simple and pretty darn straightforward.
So you can take a look at this thing and really very quickly understand what is going on.
If we started to add in all that border updating code into this class right now.
Well our Timer class would start to get really confusing really quickly.
Much harder to understand than it currently is okay.
So quick pause we're gonna come back the next video and start to implement the ability to watch for
these different things occurring.